Y
can drink as a baby
[Music]
hello very good friends of youtube
Welcome to a new tutorial
prince and ballack today I 'm going to teach you
like being able to see all the matches of
soccer be league
champions and on our phone
without any cut
and difficulty
very simple process as you see here is
my phone and the programs but the
programs that we will need are the
following
the channel in the black channel
we are going to look for him this is
this Ghana coach
we're going to have to download it from google
from our browser
in our browser we put channel
black
and we look
the first to have results that we
it comes out that puts m
Gonzalo for Rodriguez, we give him in
the official page of the program
we give it opens
it comes out here and as you see installed
We give you to install the process of
installation is very easy as any
another program that we are going to install in
our android mobile phone
once we have the program installed
we are going to install this program that
he puts suitable support and now the
screen
what is your link
when installing this program
it's a very simple process we give to
install to the next and ready argenta
when we finish we do not give to open and we
open directly with the channel of the channel
peel
put so we give it to install
we also install it and we will have
our channel also installed once
we have it installed we open it
[Music]
sorry to the image that takes for the
done to have my phone screen
in the computer
and the user the following is worth this what
that we have left
as we do not have him
the program of another production what is
and the player dignity we give the average
player up here who puts it
and we give you option 1
and we download it also so that
we can play our videos
once installed this and the following
many
we go where is the icon of the
television we give you that you do not know what
following
what is this the categories that we have
has movies sports series
national children's music documentaries
for example we are interested in my
case I'm interested in sports so I
we give the sport a click
if we open the sports channels that
there is
[Music]
so there is already any party we can
see it without any problem 'barça tv'
real madrid so attributed to goltv all
the channels as you see
In my case, for example, we are going to
give channel + league to win technique
we go
do not know this
and we arrived here we are complicity
we give you another
once we give it load
waiting
the images are not coming
[Music]
as women
it's already broken on the phone it looks
perfect in high definition and without cut
is worth the image on the screen of
computer then it comes with more stroke and
comes to shopping as
but I'm broadcasting on a cable
usb but on the mobile it looks perfectly
so we can see all our channels
of sport all the matches that
we want to see
and practically movies too
we can see how he sees the following by
example
and a lot
we left the program and for example we go
to see where to put chili
or we give it to end we are to channel + same
again
[Music]
we use the image so that it refers to us
Program
it is loaded young already I have it already I have
putting the image is a movie
and so we can continuously see
anything we want so
I hope you liked friends not
forget to subscribe to my channel I will go
uploading more videos a greeting
that you enjoy football matches
bye